DOCKER-155 document the LTS tag (#18)
SonarSource/sonarqube-docker-docs: sonarqube/content.md

Here you'll find the Docker images for the Community Edition, Developer Edition, Enterprise Edition, and Data Center Edition of SonarQube.

## LTS image

SonarQube LTS is here to ensure stability, the LTS only get security patches and bugfixes, please [see here](https://www.sonarsource.com/products/sonarqube/downloads/lts/) to get detailed informations

The `lts-<edition>` tag behave as the **latest** `lts-<edition>` tag, which means it will be updated each time a new LTS is released.

So relying on the lts tag can have disruptive effects. We highly recommend using 9.9.x-<edition> tag instead of lts-<edition> (see [here](./README.md#supported-tags-and-respective-dockerfile-links) for the complete list of tags).

The current LTS version is `9.9.0`.

If you use the plain `lts` tag, it default to the community version (lts-community).

> 

Reviewer: Is there a specific reason why we want to highlight the LTS? It can be seen as an incentive to install the LTS. If the main purpose is to warn about the lts tag, we may just want to add a note about it. Maybe in the installation section?

Reviewer: For ex, replicating the documentation:
The lts tag on Docker images is replaced with every new LTS release. If you want to avoid an automatic upgrade, we recommend using the corresponding 9.9.x???-<edition> tag instead of lts-<edition>.

## Installation

> > **Multi-platform support**: Starting from SonarQube `9.9` LTS, the docker images support running both on amd64 architecture and arm64-based Apple Silicon (M1).

Reviewer 2: Hey @jCOTINEAU, we could format `amd64` and `arm64` as code ;)

For installation instructions, see Installing the Server from the Docker Image on the [Install the Server](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/setup/install-server/) page.

To run a cluster with the Data Center Edition, please refer to Installing SonarQube from the Docker Image on the [Install the Server as a Cluster](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/setup/install-cluster/) page.

> > The lts tag on Docker images is replaced with every new LTS release. If you want to avoid any automatic major upgrades, we recommend using the corresponding 9.9-<edition> tag instead of lts-<edition>.

Reviewer 2: Hey @jCOTINEAU, just small formatting opportunities
- lts -> `lts`
- 9.9-<edition> -> `9.9-<edition>`
- lts-<edition> ->`lts-<edition>`

## Installation

> > **Multi-platform support**: Starting from `9.9.0` The SonarQube docker images can also run on Apple Silicon (M1). On DockerHub, the images support both `amd64` and `arm64` architectures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Starting from SonarQube `9.9` LTS, the docker images support running both on amd64 architecture and arm64-based Apple Silicon (M1).
```
